---
title: Introducing PR Focus - track PRs you care about, and ignore the rest!
linkTitle: Release 1.0
date: 2024-08-05
---

Introducing PR Focus - a macOS app that makes it easy to watch important pull requests across repositories through information-rich dashboards. PR Focus launched on August 5, 2024, and is available through Apple's App Store. Developed by Dachary Carey, PR Focus helps developers, technical writers, team leads, project managers, and agencies track changes to important pull requests.

GitHub's notifications just don't provide the granular configuration options to make them useful. Tracking changes through email can become a firehose of missed and ignored messages. Tickets in third-party systems, such as Jira or Trello, often don't reflect the reality of the state of the code. PR Focus is designed to provide quick access to the source of truth - the code. The PR Focus dashboards highlight important changes to important PRs, and they get anything that isn't important out of your way.

* Find out when you've been tagged as a reviewer or assignee. See when there are changes to pull requests you've already reviewed, so you can tell when you may need to take another look.
* See when people review your PRs. Know when it's time for you to go back to the pull request - or see if people aren't reviewing and you need to remind them.
* Find out when people make pull requests to your open source repositories that you don't visit very often. No more missing PRs for months.
* If you're dependent on work someone else is doing, **Watch** the pull request and find out when it gets updated, reviewed, merged - or quickly check it's status at any time.

Watch repositories. New pull requests come into your Inbox. Choose whether to **Watch** or **Ignore** them. The *ignored* PRs get out of your way and you never have to look at them again - unless you become a reviewer or assignee, when they automatically move back to your main dashboards. The *watched* PRs remain visible, automatically updating and letting you know when there's new information.

With PR Focus, you'll never miss an important pull request again.
